node-api: allow retrieval of add-on file name (#37195)
nodejs/node: doc/api/n-api.md

This API may only be called from the main thread.

## Miscellaneous utilities

## node_api_get_module_file_name

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

```c
NAPI_EXTERN napi_status
node_api_get_module_file_name(napi_env env, const char** result);

```

* `[in] env`: The environment that the API is invoked under.

> * `[out] result`: A null-terminated string containing the absolute path of the

Reviewer: Is there any reason that it might be better  to make this a URL versus restricting to a path. For example are there any ES6 cases where a module might be loaded from a URL versus a file on disk?

Author: For the sake of future-proofing I will change it to "the absolute path of the location from which the add-on was loaded."

Author: Done.

Author: I guess that doesn't make it a full-fledged URL, complete with `file://`. Did you have *that* in mind?

Reviewer: I was thinking something like `file://` to keep our options open. Not sure if there are any downsides?

Author: Aside from adding a little bit of parsing overhead, I can't think of any. I'll add that.

Author: Done.

> * `[out] result`: A null-terminated string containing the absolute path of the
>   location from which the add-on was loaded. The string is owned by `env` and
>   must not be modified or freed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `[out] result`: A URL containing the absolute path of the
  location from which the add-on was loaded. For a file on the local
  file system it will start with `file://`. The string is owned by `env` and
  must not be modified or freed.
```
